=encoding utf8

=head1 Dist-Zilla's dist.ini format

=head2 SYNOPSIS

    name = Acme-Leftpad
    author = Bugs Bunny <bugs@bunny.tld>
    license = mit
    copyright_holder = Bugs Bunny
    copyright_year = 2016

    [@Filter]
    -bundle = @Basic
    -remove = Readme

    [@Author::BUGSBUNNY]
    [MetaJSON]
    [Test::PodSpelling]
    stopwords = EOL

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The L<Dist::Zilla>’s dist.ini file is read by L<Config::MVP>.

Each "normal" section loads the appropriate C<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::> plugin
(so, for example, C<[MetaJSON]> will load C<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::MetaJSON>).

Within each such section, the C<key = value> pairs are passed as attributes
of the plugin. These attributes are hopefully documented in its documentation
and may have sensible defaults.

A section that starts with “C<@>” (= “at sign”) indicates a plugin bundle
that resides under the L<Dist::Zilla::PluginBundle::> namespace and which
is normally supposed to load more than one plugin (but this is only a
convention, it is treated the same as a standard plugin, just under
a different namespace). So C< [@Basic] > will load the
C<Dist::Zilla::PluginBundle::Basic> bundle.

The special bundle C< [@Filter] > allows one to filter plugins from a bundle.

In addition to all that, there are some global, base-class, C<key = value>
pairs outside any section that are used by the L<Dist::Zilla> class as
documented there.

=head2 The :version option

One can use a C<:version> option in each plugin's section like so:

    [Test::PodSpelling]
    :version = 0.6

It has these main effects:

=over 4

=item *

If the installed plugin or bundle does not satisfy that version, dzil will err
out upon trying to build the dist.

=item *

That module will be included in C<dzil authordeps --missing> if the
plugin/bundle is installed but doesn't satisfy the version.

=item *

C<dzil authordeps --versions> will include the version in
its output.

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is Copyright (c) 2016 by Shlomi Fish.

This is free software, licensed under:

=over 4

=item * The MIT Expat License

=item * Creative Commons ZERO 1.0 (Public Domain)

=item * Any later version of these licences.

=back

=cut
